---
layout: post
title: Week 10
---

## Google's Approach to Open Source
As a business with as much valuable software as Google must have, I think it is very smart for Google to have both open source and closed source software. I actually wasn't aware that Google had any open source software. I find it very interesting that they have so many of their own developers working daily on open source software, as although it seems great as it ensures that the project progresses, I feel as though it could alienate some developers. In my point of view, having this structure, where people are hired to work on a project others are working on for free, a kind of hierarchy is created. Also as Google is not really an open source software company, it makes me feel as though their open source projects have definitive goals and views on how the project should be, that they may like to maintain. This contradicts some of the notions of open source to me as an open source projects should be able to become whatever it becomes as a result of all the people working on it.

## Go Project Code of Conduct
Code of Conducts are extremely important as they dictate how a person in a community interacts with another. It ensures that everyone who wants to help is welcome to, and that no one can say otherwise. No matter if a person knows way more than another, or has contributed way more, it dictates that they are on the same social playing field. In my opinion all projects need a code of conduct. People should know how to treat other people in the culture that they are presently in. With a code of conduct in place, there is no excuse to wrong others. It is the first step in creating the healthy, welcoming community that is so pivotal in a good open source project.

Terasology's code of code can be found [here.](https://github.com/MovingBlocks/Terasology/blob/develop/docs/Conduct.md)

## Team Project Progress
So our team decided to jump ship from PDF.js to Terasology. PDF.js was a tool that none of us have really used within our own projects, so it was hard to really understand and triage issues. We began to doubt our ability to contribute to the code base in any significant way. We moved to something a bit lighter, namely an open source Minecraft clone by the name of Terasology. Of course, we looked at a bunch of issues prior to see if we were excited about them, and whether or not we thought we could fix them. We found the community to be incredibly active and receptive to us. We met on Wednesday to discuss and begin to look through the project together, then again on Saturday to further our progress, as switching projects this early definitely puts us in a time crunch. Together we found some issues with the physics engine that we think we can fix. We all downloaded the development version of the game to try to run it. I am the only one who's game constantly crashes, so currently I am troubleshooting that. This could potentially be an issue on Linux environments, but I believe Suyasha got the game to run on her home computer. I may switch to my Windows OS or work from macOS if I cannot resolve this issue. Otherwise, I am trying to keep up with the progress of the other members by talking really loudly in meetings. 
