---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---

## Open Source
To me, open source software is indicative of community and collaboration, also that it is probably free. Open source has the advantage of being crowd sourced. This allows for many different perspectives to be heard, without the bias of being in the same company or geographic location, as closed source programs often have. Programmers on an open source project are more likely to have passion for the product so that ultimately, the producer is simultaneously the user. 

A potential problem with open source is the availability of the code. Having code to a product be so readily accessible could enable those building a similar product to plagarize that code, and profit from the work of others. More contributors could  result in shakier code and less security, as one person's work may not work well with anothers. The initial direction and goal of the project could become muddled as a result of this as well. 

## Projects
- Ubuntu: Ubuntu is an open source linux based operating system. I use it as my primary OS, dualbooting it along side Windows. Ubuntu and Linux in general is more convenient than Windows for programming, as working with the terminal is more integral. It's also more lightweight as an operating system. Alternatives would be Windows or macOS. 
- Firefox: Firefox is a web browser developed by Mozilla. Prior to switching to Chrome, this was my primary browser. This was because I had a better time adding extensions and customizing my experience. I won't lie, a good 70 percent of the reason I switched was due to the stigma surrounding Internet Explorer. Alternatives would be Internet Explorer (i.e. Microsoft Edge) or Chrome.
- VLC media player: VLC media player is a media player. It's great for watching downloaded videos. I use it on my Mac desktop to watch downloaded movies I couldn't find on Netflix. Alternatives would be RealPlayer or DivX.
- Eclipse: Eclipse is an integrated development environment, used primarily with Java. Starting college, Eclipse was my Java IDE of choice. I have since switched to JetBrain's IntelliJ IDEA after Reddit recommended it. Alternatives would be NetBeans or IntelliJ IDEA.

## Questions for Tom
- How did you hurt your shoulder last Saturday?
- How would the net neutrality repeal affect open source software? Do you think this would be a benefit, or a detriment, to Red Hat as a company that profits from open source software?
- As an open source operating system, does Red Hat collaborate with other open source operating systems, such as Ubuntu?
