---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---

## Humanitarian 
The definition of humanitarian: 
> "relating to or characteristic of people who work to improve the lives and living conditions of other people"

is definitely far more broad than I had assumed, so I wouldn't normally say that open source software is humanitarian. 
But this new definition has definitely changed my perspective. If the definition of humanitarian is as broad as helping
improve the lives and conditions of other people then, yes I would say that open source is humanitarian. If a project
already helps improve the lives and living conditions of people simply by being convenient, then open source pushes this
to its limits by allowing those who wish, to extend their ability to improve their own lives and living conditions. As 
the hurdles of one are rarely unique, a solution created by one can definitely improve the lives of others. Open source
can also be humanitarian in the sense that they're not being hostile, as opposed to other projects. Many open source
projects are considered to be more private than mainstream projects, as shown by Google vs. DuckDuckGo.

## Progress
So far we have familiarized ourselves with the project. We have downloaded the source code from our fork, and learned
to build the project. After looking over the code, we learned the coding conventions and went over some interactive examples
given to us by Mozilla. We also learned how to join the IRC, so that we can better integrate into the community. This
allows us to better check out the issues, recreate, and triage them. Then we triaged a couple. 

## Individual Goals
I will be triaging issues regarding bugs in the iOS pdf viewer. I will do this by using a hosted viewer in my mobile
browser, uploading PDFs that PDF.js are known o have issues with, as well as PDFs from my own documents.
