---
layout: post
title: Week 12
---

## Team Progress
Holy moly dude, this project is confusing as heck. There are so many modules and branches and pull requests and issues. This is 
so ridiculous. I am literally being terrorized by this project. So here's the thing. We're working on snow and implementing
blocks that aren't a full block tall. This has been an incredibly arduous task as there's no real precident for adding half blocks.
We found a module called Structural Resources that has some interesting code that we looked at for reference and we are currently
implementing stacking in the manner of an ingot block found in Structural Resources. hopefully this works. \*fingers crossed\* 

I have been looking through Structural Resources and trying to determine how to make it more general, as well as playing around
in the world to see how varying block sizes have been implemented. The coding portion has begun, but currently I ran into a bunch
of issues because I couldn't find several events. Ashley asked our homeboy Cervator about these and I think there's a lead.

## Terasology License
Terasology has [Apache 2.0 License](https://github.com/MovingBlocks/Terasology/blob/develop/LICENSE) as their license. It states 
that the code may be modified, distributed, sublicensed, used commercially, used privately, used in patent cliams, and can have
a warranty placed on it, but the creators cannot be held liable for damages or use Terasology's trademarks. Howeer, if you do 
anything with their code, your fork must include the Terasology's copyright, and include the Apache 2.0 license, stating changes 
and include notices if the library take includes a notice file. 
