---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

## The Difference Between the Cathedral model and the Bazaar Model
The difference between the cathedral model and the bazaar model is the way people structure their ideas, and the way they collaborate. The cathedral method is more formulaic. Developers have an idea of what they are creating, and how to create it. There is not as much room for crazy ideas or divergence from the initial design. I associate this model with commercial development, as a client has an expectation of what a product will do and what it will look like. The bazaar model represents a near opposite. Unlike a serene cathedral, a bazaar would be buzzing with constant noise, the ideas of an incredibly diverse group of people. Any one persons voice can have as much gravity as anothers if their idea is solid. Projects following the bazaar model are constantly growing and evolving, rather than developing towards a specific goal. Ideas can constantly shift, or develop, or even be abandoned at a moments notice. 

I would prefer to work in a bazaar environment, where everyone builds things collaboratively. In this way any ideas that I have could be implemented, and if they are good ideas, they could take off. Anyone could take the idea and run with it, debugging it, making it more efficient, or implementing it elsewhere. Good ideas can expand and blossom in a way that a person with one perspective could never cause. Bazaars are not bound by the bias of being in one organization. Bad ideas, on the other hand, can pass with a whimper, and not have any major negative effects. In a bazaar, because no one is working in teams working on specific things, everyone ends up looking at everything. It is that sense of constant and diverse peer review that makes bazaars so special, and makes them preferably to me to work and learn in. 

## 2 of 19 Lessons

> 1 Every good work of software starts by scratching a developer's personal itch.

Customization is incredible. To be able to organize items in such a way that is most efficient for you can really help workflow by speeding things up, and increase overall comfort. If something is tedious, but formulaic, then through customization and software development, it no longer needs to be tedious. This is the personal itch that lesson 1 refers to. If a person has a tedious problem in their everyday life, it is nearly doubtless that another person has that same issue (this doesn't necessarily apply if the issue is incredibly specific). If a software developer creates software that eliminates an issue, or a tedious task, then it is doubtless that another person could benefit from that software, making that software useful and good. Allowing it to be open source gives this useful code the opportunity for others to evolve it further, outside the scope of one developer. 

> 8 Given a large enough beta-tester and co-developer base, almost every problem will be characterized quickly and the fix obvious to someone.

This ties back into the peer review aspect of bazaars that I appreciate so much. I understand when I code, that I code in my own style. That I approach problems in my own way, and I work around issues in my own way. When I am stuck, I can lose a lot of time, and treat a bug as something greater than it is, simply because I am myself, and myself is one person with one perspective. Everyone has different skills and intuitions. With a large amount of peers constantly looking at all my work, and with me allowing them to do so, issues that I may not have even seen will quickly come to light. It is almost doubtless that someone with a different perspective and intuition than my own will be able to debug or fix my code with greater ease than me. As stated in the Cathedral and The Bazaar as Linus's Law, "Given enough eyeballs, all bugs are shallow."

