---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---

## Ryan Answering the Following Questions, Doing the Things I Should for This Week's Blog Post:

> What type of things are you looking for when you select an open source  project to work on?
  
  When I select an open source project, I am looking for something where I can actually contribute to the code.
  I have to either know the language, or be able to pick it up with some effort. I want to be able to help, 
  and spot errors, so preferably the project is something I can either use, want to use, or learn to use. This way,
  beyond searching for potential problems, I can think of potential features to implement, or ask to be implemented.

> What are you able to offer to the team that you will be working on for the project? (what are your strengths)

  Minimally, I can offer a different perspective. Perspectives are invaluable when it comes to spotting potential 
  issues, and come up with solutions to those issues. I hope to be able to break issues down into smaller chunks, and
  be able to tackle the basic annoyances that lead up to more complicated issues. I consider myself a decent problem solver
  because I believe in my ability to partition problems into their core components. 

> What are you hoping to learn from working on an open source project?

  I am hoping to learn how to read and integrate myself more seemlessly with the work of others, especially for larger,
  more complex projects. Understanding how others code, and how the code of a group interacts with each other, will give 
  me their perspective on how they aproach a problem, thus broading how I can tackle issues on my own. I would also like
  to be able to better understand what issues people have in this way. 

> What are you most worried about when you are thinking about and planning to work on an open source project?

  I am most worried that I won't understand the issues that people are having. When working with CodeTriage a week ago, 
  I felt as though a lot of the GitHub issues that I was given to triage, flew right over my head. I was working on pandas,
  and youtube-dl, so perhaps it was because I was working with projects that I myself have not had the chance to use, but
  even the issues labeled easy in youtube-dl's issue page seemed like a jump for me. From a technical perspective, those 
  issues would perhaps be easy to fix, if I was more familiar with the code, and could parse what has been done before 
  into a solution for what needs to be done. This ties back into what I hope to learn. 

## Questions for Aurelia

  - How did you initially get into open source software development (if not addressed in her talk)? What has changed from
  developing for fun/convenience, to open source development professionally?
  
  - How has your view of software changed since delving into open source? Do you find yourself having a preference for open
  souce projects over closed source (Do you go out of your way to use open source projects)? If so, is this for privacy?
  
  - How does open source, given it's crowd sourced nature, have such a strong connection with privacy? Is the distingushing 
  factor between corporations with emphasis on open source software versus corporations with closed source software that 
  their code is readily available? 
  
  
