
---
layout: post
title: Week 3
---

## Github Pull Request

### The Issue

After class on Thursday, I scrambled for to get the easiest issue I possibly could. The first one I set my eyes on was [Issue #8](https://github.com/joannakl/cs480_s18/issues/8). I immediately claimed the issue, and later received approval from Joanna. This is an issue with the link, so I found the file for class #4 in 'cs480_s18/\_includes/daily/04.markdown'. The erroneous relative link address in the code had the reference for the Open Encyclopedia slides set as 'slides/week3/open_encyclopedia.html'. The Open Encyclopedia slides are located in 'cs480_s18/slides/week2/open_encyclopedia.html', so the issue with the relative address link is that it references week 3 rather than week 2. 

### The Other Issue

I'm a pretty lazy dude. The issue was pretty small, so I did this entirely on GitHub. I went to the file for class #4 at 'cs480_s18/\_includes/daily/04.markdown', and I edited the file. As the file was not mine, I could not commit, so GitHub entered my change as a pull request. I then commented the specifications of my fix in my pull request, linking the original issue, and asking dazigemm, the poster of the original issue, for approval.

This felt like a shortcut. I will likely redo this on Git, but I worry that this will create another pull request. If this occurs, I will delete my original. 

### Using Git on Terminal

As I had not done this previously, I cloned the repository into my Documents using `git clone https://github.com/joannakl/cs480_s18.git`. I had however, forked the repository for the website onto my own got GitHub, so I add my fork a the remote for the local repository I had created using `git remote add myfork https://github.com/rchau0623/cs480_s18`. I then entered `cd cs480_s18/\_includes/daily` to get to the directory where '04.markdown' is. I used `xdg-open 04.markdown` to open the file. I then created a branch for my changes and switched to it, using `git branch fix1` and `git checkout fix1`, respectively. In '04.markdown' I changed `slides/week3/open_encyclopedia.html` to `slides/week2/open_encyclopedia.html`, to reference the correct directory wherehttps://github.com/rchau0623/cs480_s18 'open_encyclopedia.html' is located. Then I ran through the typical steps to add, commit, and push using `git add .`, and `git commit -m "Corrected Link to Open Encyclopedia Slides"`. At this point Git asked me to include a comment as well, which would likely create a new pull request, so I `^C` 'd out. My last step would have been `git push -u myfork fix1`.

I'll get back to you on the rest of this one. 

2) Describe your code triage experience so far. List the projects that you selected when you signed up for the website. Specify the bugs/issues that you examined based on the emails that you got from the CodeTriage website (if you have not gotten any emails, then change your settings so you start receiving them). For each bug/issue that you examined describe what you thought about it (even if you did not end up taking any action on the bug/issue itself). 

## Code Triage

I created a Code Triage account by signing in using my GitHub account. Recently I have been really trying my best to learn Python, so I filtered projects by language, specifying Python. Python seems to be the go to for machine learning and data analysis in general, so when I saw [pandas](https://www.codetriage.com/pandas-dev/pandas) in bright red, I decided to pick it. The other project I chose is [youtube-dl](https://www.codetriage.com/rg3/youtube-dl), command-line program to download videos off of YouTube. This one just sounded really cool. I would love to watch longer YouTube videos on the go, especially if I don't have to kill my data in the process.

### Pandas



### YouTube-dl

