---
layout: post
title: Week 14
---

## Reflections

Overall I thought the class was great. The ideas and prinicples that were taught are so relevant and amazing. Open source as a whole is 
a topic that deserves recognition, and should be explored further by anyone who wants to develop. This class gives a fantastic peak
into that world, and definitely makes me a lot more comfortable in the scope of open source software development going forward. I also 
learned a lot about git, which really helps me understand more workflows and work more efficiently. 

Going forward, this class definitely needs to have a better integrated IRC, rather than piazza to better simulate some open source 
projects. I think going to Open Data week events were awesome and having a lot of talks were incredibly inspiring, especially Tom's. 
One downside is that Tom's was by and far the most impactful talk. He explained and introduced passion into open source, drawing
distinctions between standard software development and open source. But it seems to me that a lot of the talks tried to accomplish 
the same goal, and this definitely lessened the effect of subsequent talks for me. It would be great if the talks were drastically
different, or maybe if there were less talks all together. A great substitute would be tackling an open source project or an issue 
together as a class, and working on it for maybe a week. I feel like when we were searching for what to work on, we were left to our 
own instincts. While it definitely seemed to work out for the most part, the extra guidance could help groups evalute their teammates 
and the project better. 
